hello and welcome to the foster of a
league of legends video gates VES week
will be the cat who got me into a league
of legends Annie the dark child Annie's
passive is called pyromania this means
that after every five spell casts the
next spell She casts will automatically
stun any targets she hits it should be
noted but you can always tell when annie
has a stun available and she has a way
to swirling mist around her and his cube
ella t is disintegrate it's a high boss
single-target newark was refunds with
banner cost and it deals for killing
blow and he's w ability is incinerate
this also deals heavy box damage but to
all enemies in the core in front of her
this makes only a very effective
character I gains multiple enemies as
well as well as helping multiple minions
at once and his ability is multi shield
when activated it increases her armor
and magic resistance causing any enemies
of striking and in basic attacks to take
magical damage this is actually a very
underestimated and very useful ability
and finally and his ultimate her ability
is some intemperance and his son was
hard to bear Tibbers and a target
location causing damage to anything with
envy area several stairs with an ax for
around about 50 seconds it should also
be noted there and it can control who at
tables attacks as well as where he walks
to by holding down the Alt key and
right-clicking on the target or target
location there was also deals additional
fire damage to any enemy units for close
to him he will see the true damage
potential of annie he can see me Olivia
treasure hunt down Warwick I was able to
stun charge tables and replace a Harris
integrate and incinerate bring him to
almost dead and getting Olivia mikkel as
shown previously she'd always try to
keep your stun charge and your tables
ready he can see me charging up talk to
try and hit Donal ox foolishly I did not
have my son shot ready as I wasn't
paying attention I just alone trying to
avoid her ever faked attacks and seeing
her had one child of my stun I go
to cast a similar 8am being disintegrate
much you start in place her team her
mother says that wants to hail out I
match the pot molten shield for magic
resist to help him prevent the damage
from what's his laser as well as being
able to stun them all in place long
enough to get our message at triple kill
you're going to see the LOL text as much
n that we have amusement let's point a
safety base and the handy little tip the
best tip I can give to any any player as
well and base cast and sinner 8 and
multan shield as frequently as possible
it's a easy way to quit the charge up
your stun as a fight break certain meds
I decide to make it a good attempt to
support my team at which point i try to
hurry where as quickly as possible
getting veil i try to drop tables on top
of the enemy stunning them in place and
heading 1 incinerate and a disintegrate
it causing heavy damage to at least one
of their members as a chase down their
team pushing you can see that we decide
to try to do the same so i went for an
hour stanfield incinerate getting us a
kill where the current display of team i
probably would have held back a little
bit more than i was late too but still I
stupidly push on at which point i see a
shovel hill and it's just far too
tempting as you're about to see white
ever so useful and with thanks Olivia I
was able to escape luckily for me for a
rather humorous amount of time we are
moved to stay in the Med and slid went
leave it all down and this is because of
what's happened next
pushing the med again we try to sleep
row in the back door area seeing ash I
stand drop tables and head over after my
spells or to come across a window at
this point I was able to get off my stun
long enough to allow my allies to finish
him off as well as you shouldn't make
one survival you never understand the
power of a nice ton it is a very
powerful mechanic lock in place where
you barrage them with your sales as well
as a fantastic escape mechanic seeing
Warwick I can see my location though and
being at almost they at myself i Dessay
to base my masterpiece for Annie are
Megan offensive as well as 21 utility
making sure to take magic penetration
some nerve smell wise Adams very
versatile and walks well with it a nice
pale else like a pathetic and ninth and
clarity or depending on ever haven't
played the character available healing
clarity just because I like that little
bit of a safety cushion as full of a
build for Annie it varies mayor usually
start off with social sports event
graduate too well of the Ancients for
spell vamp as well as additional magic
costs rushing def cap then I go for
Archangel staff and I usually judge by
what the enemy team has availability
happy I usually go for the banshees veil
as well as of psychology and a lot of
Ages if not I usually go for all the
veggies as another archangel staff again
a masteries and as just as importantly
items it depends when I almost are sets
that works well for you so I encourage
everyone out there who's playing
character to please feel free to
experiment find out new strategies
illegal edges the game where things can
be very situational so please I
encourage you to experiment and my all
means as you have any questions don't be
afraid to ask your teammates vessel may
be a little bit laughable at late game
but if it does just brush your office
but only we are going to learn
thank you for tuning in to the very
first video guide ever did for anime
darkchild and so I do apologize edit as
a little rough and a little array
any advice you may have or comments
please feel free also please comment
below on your bill set up for an e in
your master is to help our playoffs if I
should try the character and everyone
freaked about making a lot account or if
your thing about trying league legends
if you'd be so came this to follow the
link i will leave it in the description
bar below and use my am mad a federal
link to allow me to the creek people
what we very much appreciate it it's
semi the reason for me starting this as
well as a bit of fun because I don't do
much during the day any comments or
characters you would like to see me in
the future please feel free to do it you
personally I go for range mage and
support characters so if anyone else
good with merely and we should do help
me with the gates of them please get in
contact they all means I hope you have a
very good week and I'll see you soon
with an ex gate